# Cell Machine License 2023
> Version: v0.1

**By using this license you agree to follow the terms of the most recent version of this license.**
[View the latest version of this license](https://legal.cellmachine.net/license/cell-machine)

### Contact
If you have any questions about this license, please contact the legal team at any of the following locations:
 - `legal@cellmachine.net`
 - [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/cell-machine-791818283867045941)

## Applicability

Content considered to be a derivative of any part of the Cell Machine Brand is subject to this license.
You agree to the terms of this license by using any part of the Cell Machine Brand, including but not limited to:
 - the name "Cell Machine";
 - textures or other assets; 
 - the subticking mechanic;
 - source code;
 - levels/puzzles.
This license is subject to change at any time, and you agree to comply with any changes to this license.

All Cell Machine derivatives must be released under the latest [Cell Machine License](https://legal.cellmachine.net/license/cell-machine).

---

**TERMS LISTED IN THIS LICENSE MAY BE BROKEN BY OFFICIAL CELL MACHINE GAMES**

---

Changes to this license may occur at any time and will be enforced retroactively.
A grace period of 30 days will often be provided for developers to comply with any changes before legal action is taken.

## Releasing Content
All content released must be public. This includes source code, assets, and all other related content.

## Platform Restrictions
This section defines specific restrictions on the platforms that Cell Machine derivatives can be released on.

### Banned Platform List
 - Steam
 - Apple App Store
 - Google Play Store
 - Microsoft Store

## Monitization of Cell Machine games
This section defines specific restrictions on the monetization of Cell Machine derivatives.

### ⛔ Advertising
Cell Machine derivatives must not contain any sort of intrusive advertising.
Intrusive advertising is defined as any advertising that is not Cell Machine related, or is optional and disabled by default.

### ⚠️ Paid Releases
Cell Machine derivatives must not be released behind a paywall. All content must be available for free.
The only exception to this rule is if the content is released as a paid build of publically available source code.

### ⛔ In-Game Monetization
Cell Machine derivatives must not contain any sort of in-game monetization.

### ✅ Donations 
Optional donations are allowed if they do not harbour content that is not available in the free version, and are clearly marked as optional.

## Use of the Cell Machine brand

### Referencing
When referencing the Cell Machine brand it must be positive, and not used in a negative context. Any content considered to be negative towards the Cell Machine brand will be forcefully removed.  

### Content
You must get written permission from a Cell Machine representitive to be able to use **any** content in your derivative. This includes but is not limited to:
 - textures;
 - source code;
 - levels/puzzles;
 - the subticking mechanic;
 - the name "Cell Machine".

### Crediting
You must provide clear and visible credit to the Cell Machine brand in your derivative. At the very least, you must provide a link to the Cell Machine website. https://cellmachine.net/

## Additional Terms
This section defines additional terms that are not covered by the above sections.

## Publically Available Source Code
All Cell Machine derivatives must have publically available source code.

## Licensing
All Cell Machine derivatives must be released under the latest [Cell Machine License](https://legal.cellmachine.net/license/cell-machine).

### Exceptions
Official Cell Machine games are exempt from specific terms in this license.

---

# Using this license
Fill out the below details, and attach this license to the source code of your project in a publically accessible location. Leave the values blank if they do not apply to your project.

| Name | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Project Name         |  |
| Project Version      |  |
| Project Website      |  |
| Source Code Location |  |
| License Location     |  |
| License Version      |  |
| Project Author       |  |
